In this lecture, we will talk about routes with parameters, but first, let's introduce the problem
we are trying to solve.
So currently we have two pages, the main page and a contact page.
Now, imagine you would like to add some blog posts to your website.
So let's say you currently have two blog posts.
So how would you go about creating the routes for them?
So the naive way could be to define a route like post slash one and then return some response from it.
Let's say that would be blog post one.
Then you have another blog post, let's say blog posts, too.
You can also define another word for it and return their response.
Well, this will work.
Let's verify that.
So posts one and posts to it all works fine.
Now, just because something can be done, it doesn't mean that that's the way to do it.
For example, with our blog posts and our current way, whenever we would like to add a new one, we
will have to define a route for it manually.
And then you would probably read those blog posts from some kind of database and imagine adding the
same code in every of those functions, reading our specific blog posts from the database.
Of course, that's not the way to do it.
In such cases, you would like to use the route parameters first, let's get rid of those the routes,
we won't need them anymore and then let's convert this one to have a route parameter.
So parameters are enclosed in curly braces and they should have a name.
Name should consist of alphabetic characters and underscores.
Now, you can define as many parameters as you wish, but then remember that they will be passed to
your function in an order.
They were defined and the name of those parameters does not matter.
So that means you can call your arguments any way you like.
It can be either ID or blog post ID, whatever you prefer.
OK, I would call it ID, I think that's the better practice to just call your function arguments the
same as the root parameters are being called.
Now we would have this idea variable available within this function and it will contain the value of
whatever was provided after posts slash so we can try to output this like so say, the changes.
And let's go back to the browser to verify if that works.
So I've refreshed the page, we know that we had at least two routes.
Now let's check with some bigger number.
There it is.
You can see that this still works.
From time to time, I will remind you that it's a good idea to go over to Laravel documentation and
read more about the topic you have just learned about.